
--- PAGE 1 ---
Limkokwing University of Creative Technology 
 
 
 
 
Page 1 of 5 
 
BIAI3210 / BIAI4212 ● Artificial Intelligence 
  
Faculty  : Information & Communication Technology  
Progam              : BSc in Information Technology / BSc in Software Engineering with 
Multimedia 
Semester  : 2 
Unit Controller : MAKHEKA, 22315767 Ext. 45 
Commence Date : 13th April 2026 
Deadline Date  : 8th May 2026 before 11:30am  
 
BUSINESS OBJECTIVE: 
The business objective of this project is to classify patient condition using drug review, namely 
Depression, High Blood Pressure, and Type 2 Diabetes. The goal is to understand the effectiveness of 
drugs for specific conditions and their potential side ef fects by analyzing patient reviews, ratings, and 
useful counts. The insights gained from this analysis can be used to recommend suitable drugs for 
patients based on their condition and the experiences of other patients with similar conditions. 
FEATURES: 
• DrugName (categorical): The name of the drug that the patient is reviewing. This feature will be 
used to group reviews by drug and analyze the effectiveness of each drug for specific 
conditions. 
• Condition (categorical): The name of the condition that the patient is reviewing the drug for. 
This feature will be used to identify reviews related to Depression, High Blood Pressure, and 
Type 2 Diabetes. 
• Review (text): The patient's review of the drug. This feature will be used to extract insights on 
the effectiveness and potential side effects of drugs for specific conditions. 
• Rating (numerical): A 10-star patient rating reflecting overall patient satisfaction with the drug. 
This feature will be used to understand the level of patient satisfaction with different drugs for 
specific conditions. 
Group Assignment 
30% 
 

--- PAGE 2 ---
Limkokwing University of Creative Technology 
 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 5 
 
• Date (date): The date on which the review was entered. This feature will be used to analyze 
trends over time in patient reviews and ratings. 
• UsefulCount (numerical): The number of users who found the review useful. This feature will be 
used to identify reviews that are likely to be helpful in understanding the effectiveness and 
potential side effects of drugs for specific conditions. 
OR 
ATTRIBUTE INFORMATION: 
1. drugName (categorical): name of drug 
2. condition (categorical): name of condition 
3. review (text): patient review 
4. rating (numerical): 10 star patient rating 
5. date (date): date of review entry 
6. usefulCount (numerical): number of users who found review useful 
Your subtasks are to perform the following on a given dataset and provide reports on some of 
the pipeline steps. 
The combined report shall be at least 10 pages. 
 
Task 1 Data gathering and cleaning 
a. Missing values [5] 
b. Outliers [5] 
c. Descriptive analysis [5] Statistical 
methodologies 
 
[15] 
Task 2 Data Prepossessing 
a. Feature extraction [5] 
b. Feature tuning [5] 
 
[10] 
Task 3 Model Determination [5] 
a. Provide reasoning for determined model [5] 
Task 4 Model Training [10] [10] 
Task 5 Model Tuning [10] [10] 
Task 6 Prediction dashboard 
a. Your solution must allow for inserting of the patient condition or symptoms then predict the drug 
to be used by the patient, moreover the reviews will be used to check the effectiveness of the 
drug. The  predicted patient conditions based on drug reviews, and the insights gained can be 
used to recommend suitable drugs for patients based on their condition and the experiences of 
other patients with similar conditions.  
 
[10] 
Task 7 Report format 
a. You are submitting one (1) printed copy and one (1) softcopy via Google Classroom 
 
[3] 
 

--- PAGE 3 ---
Limkokwing University of Creative Technology 
 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 5 
 
Take care that some of these steps are iterative, you will need to provide reasoning in your report for 
any and all reasons any decision were altered. 
Following the above, you are to prepare a 10 -minute presentation of your process; you presentation 
must include the following: 
Task 8 Power point presentation 
a. Data visualization [4] 
At least 4 different figures 
b. Steps taken in the model creation [3] 
c. Performance matrix and accuracy [3] 
d. Presentation [10] 
 
 
[20] 
Task 8 You will be provided formatted out of sample data that will be used to test your model; 
this data will be provided only on the day of presentation. 
 
Accuracy 
  45 
  55 
  65 
  75 
  85 
  100 
Mark 0 2 5 6 8 10 
[10] 
 
Before completion of you project and presentation, you need to prepare and avail a GitHub link 
to your complete model. 
The solution MUST have the following 
1. A readme file to describe the intent of the project [10] 
2. A file detailing the model creation. [7] 
EXPECTED OUTCOME: 
Upon completion of the Course, student will be able to understand how machine learning 
addresses the fundamental question of how to build computer programs that could learn 
automatically from experience. 
SUBMISSION INFORMATION: 
• Student is expected to submit the assignment as a soft  copy(USB Drive) ,your work must 
in one folder with your name and student ID 
• Student who submits this assignment later than the deadline date stated above will be 
penalized by 5% per week for late submission. 
RULES AND REGULATIONS: 
• You are to complete this assignment as a group. 
• You are NOT allowed to work together with other groups to get a detailed solution, 
to copy a solution from the internet or any sources,  or           to give away a solution by 
       
       
 

--- PAGE 4 ---
Limkokwing University of Creative Technology 
 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 5 
 
doing this you will be awarded zero(0). 
• If there is too much collaboration from your common discussion with other groups by 
looking at the  solutions, in such instances of academic dishonesty may result in you 
getting zero marks for this piece of assignment. 
• Do NOT let others see your solution. 
• Do NOT e-mail your solution to anyone. 
• If someone cheats by using your work, you will be penalized. 
SUBMISSION INFORMATION 
• Student who submits this Assignment later than the deadline date stated above will have marks 
penalized. (10% of the total mark everyday) 
• Print out the Assignment by using Arial Narrow font style and size of 12 by using Microsoft Word. 
• You must submit the work with an assignment cover page stapled together as submission. 
• Show responsibilities of each member. And every group must have 5 to 9 members per group 
 
SPECIFIC INFORMATION 
• PLEASE submit a hardcopy of your assignment being a report of your system with a cover page 
and the report should be in this layout:  abstract, introduction, “body”, conclusion, and it 
should be 10 - 15 pages excluding reference page. 
• You must submit a softcopy to assignluct@gmail.com of your system on 8th May 2026.  
• This Assignment is a group work, and it contributes 30% to your overall semester 
assessment. 
• Referencing and layout must follow the IEEE style of referencing with at least 20 references. 
MARKING CRITERIA 
The following is the marks deduction: 
• Late submission = 10% per day of your total marks irrespective of reasons and excuses 
• Improper indentation = -5% is awarded if there's more than 3 lines of improper indentation. 
• Not following question requirements = 0 % is awarded immediately 
• Plagiarism = 0% is awarded immediately. 
• No Reference = 0% is awarded immediately 

--- PAGE 5 ---
Limkokwing University of Creative Technology 
 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 5 
 
• Let others copy your work = 0% is awarded immediately. 
MARKS ALLOCATION 
• Presentation                 =10% 
• System                         =60%     
• Report                          =30% 
 
 
MARKING ALLOCATIONS MARKS MARKS ALLOCATED 
Report 30%  
1. Abstract 5  
2. Introduction 5  
3. Body  10  
4. Conclusion 5  
5. Layout of the report 5  
                                                                                                             30  
PRESENTATION (PREPARED SLIDES)                                                           10%  
                                                                                                           10  
System  60%  
1. Functional requirement 20  
2. Readability  10  
3. Consistency 10  
4. Performance 5  
5. Exception handling 15  
                                                                                                            60  
TOTAL MARKS  100  